Oh, please don’t let me die
Waiting for your touch
No, don’t give up on life
This endless dead end
kurna tokei kizamu inochi
konbor-eteku kioku no suna
mebaeta omoi madde
nee… konna ni ahue-kenaku
kietesh-mauu no?
I wish I was there
Oh, please don’t let me die
Waiting for your touch
nidoto nanimo naku-sanu yo ni
watashi o wasurete, hajimete “Restart”
No, don’t give up on life
This endless dead end
kimi o kudaku kono kanashimi ga
itsuka owarimasu yo ni
For now I’ll see you off
My time is spinning around
Your deep black eyes
I forgot what time it is
And all our memories are gone…?
amai-kao riha-natsu
tsui okuto iu-na no-wana
saso-ware tora-ware
naze… aragae mo sezu mata
oboreteshimau no
I wish you were here
Oh, never close your eyes
Searching for a true fate
dokoka kieta ano nukumori mo
oikaketsudzukete miushinau “Restart”
So, let us try again
From the very first time
kibitto-khitto sou yatte, ima mo
munashii wa o egaiteru
For now, see you again
…fading in, fading out…
I wish we were there
ano hibi niwa modorenai
toki wa tsuyoku kanashiku tsuyoku
tada tada susundeyuku dake “Restart”
No, don’t give up on life
This endless dead end
furikaeranai sonna tsuyosa o
daremo mina enjiteru
For now I’ll see you off
And we’ll die
Waiting for a new day
nido to…
And we’ll start
Waiting for a new day
kimi to…
Oh, please don’t let me die
kiee-naa-eidde aaaahh-hoooOo…